The person put the yellow bowl in the sink.
The person took the red cabbage out of the sink.
The person took the yellow bowl out of the sink.
The person put the green melon in the sink.
The person took the pineapple out of the sink.
The person put the red cabbage in the sink.
The person put the mouthwash in the sink.
The person put the red and silver appliance in the sink.
The person took the mouthwash out of the sink.
The person put the red and silver appliance in the sink.
The person moved the bowl into the sink.
The person moved the cabbage out of the bowl in the sink
The person moved the bowl out of the sink.
The person moved the watermelon into the sink.
The person moved the pineapple out of the sink.
The person moved the cabbage into the sink
The person moved the mouthwash into the sink.
The person put the blender into the sink
The person moved the mouthwash out of the sink.
The person moved the blender into the sink.
The man placed the bowl in the sink.
The man removed the cabbage from the bowl.
The man removed the bowl from the sink.
The man placed the melon in the sink.
The man removed the pineapple from the sink.
The man placed the cabbage in the sink.
The man placed the mouthwash in the sink.
The man placed the grinder in the sink.
The man removed the mouthwash from the sink.
The man placed the grinder in the sink.
the person put the yellow bowl into the sink.
the person get the cabbage from the bowl and put it beside to pineapple.
the person took the bowl out in the sink and put it behind the pineapple.
the person put the squash into the sink.
the person took out the pineapple from the sink.
the person put the cabbage into the sink.
the person put the mouthwash  together with the cabbage into the sink.
the person put the electric heater into the sink besides the mouthwash.
the person took the  mouthwash away from electric heater to the sink.
the person put the electric heater from the sink.
The person placed the bowl in the sink.
The person lifted the cabbage out of the bowl.
The person lifted the bowl out of the sink.
The person placed the squash in the sink.
The person lifted the pineapple out of the sink.
The person placed the cabbage in the sink.
The person placed the mouthwash in the sink, by the cabbage.
The person placed the coffee grinder in the sink, by the mouthwash.
The person took the mouthwash out the sink.
The person lifted the coffee grinder into the sink.
The person put the pineapple above the bowl into the bowl.
The person removed the mouthwash from the bowl.
The person places the pineapple into the sink and moves the squash and cabbage.
The person moved the pineapple from the sink to the far edge of the counter.
The person moved the squash from the sink to the counter.
The person placed the coffee grinder into the sink.
The person moved the coffee grinder from the sink to the counter.
The person moved the pineapple from the counter to the sink.
The person moved the squash from the counter to the sink.
The person moved the coffee grinder from the counter to the sink.
The person picked the pineapple up off the counter and put it down in the yellow bowl in the sink.
The person picked the mouthwash up out of the yellow bowl and put it down on the counter.
The person put the pineapple down in the sink and moved the squash across the counter.
The person picked the pineapple up out of the sink and placed it rightwards on the counter.
The person lifted the squash out of the sink and placed it on the counter.
The person stacked the coffee grinder on top of the dishes in the sink.
The person lifted the coffee grinder out of the sink and placed it in front of him on the counter.
The person lifted the pineapple up and then moved it to the sink.
The person lifted the cabbage off the counter and stacked it on top of the dishes in the sink.
The person lifted the coffee grinder across the counter and stacked it on top of the dishes in the sink.
The man placed the pineapple in the bowl.
The man removed the mouthwash from the bowl.
The man is placing the pineapple in the sink.
The man is removing the pineapple from the sink.
The man is moving the melon from the sink.
The man is placing the blender in the sink.
The man is removing the blender from the sink.
The man is placing the pineapple in the sink.
The man is placing the melon in the sink.
The man is placing the blender in the sink.
The person put the pineapple above the bowl into the bowl
The person took the mouthwash out of the bowl onto the counter
The person put the pineapple onto the plate in the sink and moved the cabbage towards him.
The person took the pineapple in the sink away from the sink.
The person took the squash out of the sink away from the sink
The person took the watering-pot away from the sink into the sink.
The person took the watering-pot from in the sink to the right of the sink
The person took the pineapple from the right of the sink into the sink.
The person took the squash from the right of the sink into the sink.
The person took the watering-pot away from the sink into the sink.
The person put the pineapple into the bowl.
The person removed the mouthwash from the bowl.
The person placed the pineapple into the sink.
The person removed the pineapple from the sink.
The person placed the squash behind the coffee grinder.
The person placed the coffee grinder into the sink.
The person placed the coffee grinder in front of the squash.
The person removed the pineapple from in front of the cabbage.
The person placed the squash next to the cabbage.
The person moved the coffee grinder from the counter to the sink.
A man is moving an appliance from the sink to the counter.
A man is moving mouthwash from the counter to a bowl in the sink.
The man is moving a bottle of mouthwash from a bowl in the sink near a pineapple on the counter.
A man moved a pineapple from the counter to a bowl in the sink.
The man moved a head of red cabbage from the counter to a bowl in the sink.
A man moved a head of red cabbage from a bowl in the sink to the counter.
A man moved a yellow bowl from the right side of the counter to the left side.
a man moved a bottle of mouthwash from the right side of the counter to the left side.
A man moved a pineapple from the right side of the counter to the left side.
A man moved a pineapple from the left side of the counter to the right side.
The person took the appliance out of the sink.
The person put the mouthwash in the yellow bowl.
The person took the mouthwash out of the bowl and set it on the counter.
The person set the pineapple in the yellow bowl.
The person set the cabbage in the yellow bowl.
The person took the cabbage out of the bowl and set it on the counter.
The person moved the yellow bowl from the island to the counter.
The person moved the mouthwash from the island to the counter.
The person took the pineapple of the island and placed it on the counter. 
The person then took the pineapple off the counter and put it back on the island. 
The person takes the coffee grinder out of the sink and onto the counter.
The person takes the mouthwash out of the bowl and puts near the coffee grinder.
The person takes the mouthwash and puts it to the right of the pineapple.
The person takes the pineapple and puts it in the bowl.
The person takes the cabbage and puts it in the sink.
The person takes the cabbage out of the bowl and puts it on the counter.
The person takes the bowl and moves it to the counter on the left.
The person takes the mouthwash and moves it to the counter on the left.
The person takes the pineapple and moves it to the counter on the left.
The person takes the pineapple and moves it to the counter on the right.
The man is removing the grinder from the sink.
The man is placing the mouthwash in the bowl.
The man is removing the mouthwash from the bowl.
The man is placing the pineapple in the bowl.
The man is placing the cabbage in the bowl.
The man is removing the cabbage from the bowl.
The man is moving the bowl.
The man is moving the mouthwash.
The man is moving the pineapple.
The man is placing the pineapple on the counter.
The person removed the coffee grinder from the sink.
The person placed the mouthwash into the bowl.
The person removed the mouthwash from the bowl and placed it behind the pineapple.
The person placed the pineapple into the bowl in the sink.
The person placed the cabbage into the bowl.
The person removed the cabbage from the bowl and placed it behind the coffee grinder.
The person moved the bowl from the right counter to the left counter.
The person placed the mouthwash in front of the bowl.
The person placed the pineapple in front of the mouthwash.
The person carried the pineapple to the right counter and set it down.
The person moved the mouthwash rightwards.
The person moved the cabbage rightwards.
The person moved the blender rightwards.
The person moved the bowl rightwards.
The person moved the watermelon rightwards.
The person moved the watermelon leftwards.
The person moved the bowl leftwards.
The person moved the blender leftwards.
The person moved the watermelon rightwards.
The person moved the bowl rightwards.
The person carried the mouthwash rightwards.
The person carried the cabbage rightwards.
The person carried the coffee grinder rightwards.
The person carried the bowl rightwards.
The person carried the squash rightwards.
The person carried the squash leftwards.
The person carried the bowl leftwards and put it near the squash.
The person carried the coffee grinder leftwards and put it near the bowl.
The person carried the squash rightwards.
The person carried the bowl rightwards and put it near the squash.
The person carried the mouthwash rightward.
The person placed the cabbage next to the mouthwash.
The person carried the grinder rightward.
The person placed the bowl in front of the cabbage.
The person carried the squash rightward and placed it near the bowl.
The person carried the squash leftward.
The person placed the bowl to the right of the squash.
The person carried the grinder leftward.
The person placed the squash near the cabbage.
The person carried the bowl rightward and placed it next to the squash.
The person carried the mouthwash rightwards and placed it on the counter.
The person carried the cabbage rightwards and put it near the mouthwash.
The person carried the coffee grinder rightwards and put it near the cabbage.
The person carried the bowl rightwards and put it near the coffee grinder.
The person carried the squash rightwards and put it near the bowl.
The person carried the squash leftwards and placed it on the counter.
The person carried the bowl leftwards and placed near the cabbage.
The person carried the coffee grinder leftwards and placed near the bowl.
The person carried the cabbage rightwards and placed it on the counter.
The person carried the bowl rightwards and placed near the cabbage.
The man is moving the green mouthwash.
The man is moving the purple cabbage.
The man is placing the grinder on the counter.
The man is moving the yellow bowl.
The man is moving the large melon.
The man is placing the melon on the counter.
The man is moving the yellow bowl rightwards.
The man is moving the grinder rightwards.
The man is moving the melon leftward.
The man is moving the bowl leftward.
The person moved the squash  to the other counter and place it between the coffee grinder and cabbage.
The person moved the coffee grinder backwards and put the pineapple in place of it.
The person moved the pineapple and placed it between the squash and the bowl.
The person transferred the squash from the left counter to the right.
The person moved the coffee grinder from the right counter to the left.
The person moved the cabbage from the right counter and placed it with the other items in the left counter.
The person picked up the pineapple and placed it near the squash which is on top of the right counter.
The person carried the squash to the left counter and placed it near the coffee grinder.
The person lifted the pineapple from the right counter and transferred it to the left counter.
The person carried the bowl to the right counter.
The person moved the squash from the right counter to the left counter.
The person moved the coffee grinder aside and moved the pineapple from the right counter to the left counter.
The person carried the pineapple to the right counter near the bowl.
The person carried the squash to left counter near the cabbage.
The person placed the coffee grinder on the right counter near the pineapple.
The person moved the cabbage from the left counter to the right counter near the coffee grinder.
The person carried the pineapple to the left counter near the squash.
The person moved the squash from the left counter to the right counter near the coffee grinder.
The person moved the pineapple near the cabbage to the left counter near the squash.
The person carried the bowl near the pineapple to the left counter near the coffee grinder.
The person is moving the melon to the counter.
The person is moving the pineapple to the counter.
The person is moving the pineapple to the other counter.
The person moved the green melon to the counter.
The person moved the appliance to the other counter.
The person put the cabbage on the counter. 
The person moved the pineapple to the counter.
The person moved the melon to the counter.
The person moved the pineapple to the counter.
The person moved the bowl to the counter by the sink.
The person carried the cabbage leftwards and placed it near the coffee grinder.
The person carried the pineapple leftwards and placed it near the squash.
The person carried the pineapple rightwards and placed it near the squash.
The person carried the squash leftwards and placed it near the cabbage.
The person carried the coffee grinder rightwards and placed it near the pineapple.
The person carried the cabbage rightwards and placed it near the coffee grinder.
The person carried the pineapple leftwards and placed it near the squash.
The person carried the squash rightwards and placed it near the cabbage.
The person carried the pineapple rightwards and placed it on the counter.
The person carried the bowl leftwards and placed it near the squash.
The person moved the squash to the left counter.
The person placed the pineapple in front of the squash after moving the coffee grinder.
The person carried the pineapple rightward.
The person placed the squash in front of the cabbage.
The person moved the coffee grinder from the left counter to the right counter.
The person placed the cabbage next to the coffee grinder.
The person placed the pineapple in front of the squash.
The person placed the squash behind the cabbage.
The person carried the pineapple rightward.
The person placed the bowl next to the coffee grinder.
The person moved the bowl rightwards.
The person moved the pineapple leftwards.
The person moved the blender rightwards.
The person moved the watermelon rightwards.
The person moved the blender leftwards.
The person moved the pineapple leftwards.
The person moved the mouthwash leftwards.
The person moved the mouthwash rightwards.
The person moved the cabbage outside of the bowl
The person moved the pineapple inside of the bowl
The person put the bowl on the left table to the right table.
The person placed the pineapple on the right side to the left side.
The person moved the coffee grinder from the left table to the right table.
The person moved the squash from the left side to the right side.
The person moved the coffee grinder from the right table to the left table.
The person moved the pineapple from the right table to the left table while setting aside the object.
The man transferred the container from the right table to the left table.
The man moved the container from the left to the right.
The man took the vegetable out of the bowl and set it to the right.
The person placed the pineapple to the right of the bowl inside the bowl.
The person put the bowl on the right counter next to the mouthwash.
The person put the pineapple on the left counter next to the blender.
The person put the blender on the right counter next to the bowl.
The person put the squash on the right counter next to the bowl.
The person put the blender on the left counter.
The person put the pineapple on the left counter next to the blender.
The person put the mouthwash on the left counter next to the blender.
The person put the mouthwash on the right counter next to the pineapple.
The person took the cabbage out of the bowl.
The person put the pineapple into the bowl.
The person moved the bowl from one counter to the other.
The person moved the pineapple from one counter to the other.
The person moved the appliance from one counter to the other.
The person moved the squash from one counter to the other.
The person moved the appliance from one counter to the other.
The person moved the pineapple from one counter to the other.
The person moved the bottle of mouthwash from one counter to the other.
The person moved the bottle of mouthwash from one counter to the other.
The person took the cabbage out of the bowl. 
The person put the pineapple into the bowl.
The person moved the yellow bowl.
The person put the pineapple on the counter.
The person put the appliance on the counter.
The person put the melon on the counter.
The person put the appliance on the counter by the sink.
The person moved the pineapple to the opposite counter.
The person moved the mouthwash to the opposite counter.
The person moved the mouthwash to the other counter.
The person took the cabbage out of the bowl.
The person put the pineapple in the bowl. 
The person placed the squash in the bowl.
The person removed the squash from the bowl.
The person placed the pineapple in the strainer.
The person removed the pineapple from the strainer and placed it on the counter.
The person removed the pineapple from the bowl and placed it on the counter.
The person placed the cabbage in the strainer.
The person removed the cabbage from the strainer and placed it on the counter.
The person placed the cabbage in the bowl.
The person removed the cabbage from the bowl and placed it on the counter.
The person placed the pineapple in the strainer.
The person put the watermelon in the bowl.
The person took the watermelon out of the the bowl.
The person put the pineapple in the bowl.
The person took the pineapple out of the the bowl.
The person took the watermelon out of the the bowl.
The person put the cabbage in the bowl.
The person took the cabbage out of the the bowl.
The person put the cabbage in the bowl.
The person took the cabbage out of the the bowl.
The person put the pineapple in the bowl.
The person put the squash into the yellow dish. 
The person took the squash out of the yellow dish.
The person put the pineapple in the yellow dish.
The person took the pineapple out of the yellow dish.
The person took the squash out of the yellow dish.
The person put a violet cabbage into the yellow dish.
The person took the violet cabbage out of the yellow dish.
The person put a violet cabbage into the yellow dish.
The person took a violet cabbage out of the yellow dish.
The person put the pineapple into the yellow dish. 
The person put the melon in the bowl.
The person took the melon out of the bowl.
The person put the pineapple in the bowl.
The person took the pineapple out of the bowl.
The person put the melon on the counter. 
The person put the cabbage in the bowl.
The person took the cabbage out of the bowl.
The person put the cabbage in the bowl.
The person put the cabbage on the counter.
The person put the pineapple in the bowl.
the person put the melon in the yellow bowl
the man took the melon out of the yellow bowl.
the person took the pineapple off the table and set it in the yellow bowl.
the person took the pineapple out of the yellow bowl and set it to the left of it.
the person took the melon out of the yellow bowl and set it on the counter to the right.
the person picked up the cabbage and set it in the yellow bowl.
the person took the cabbage out of the yellow bowl and set it to the left of it.
the person took the cabbage off the counter and put it in the yellow bowl.
the person took the cabbage out of the yellow bowl and set it to the right.
the person picked up the pineapple and set it in the yellow bowl.
The person poured ketchup into the cup
The person poured milk next to the ketchup.
The person poured juice into the cup. 
A new person poured the juice.
The new person poured the milk.
The person poured the ketchup near the juice and milk.
The person poured the ketchup into the left cup.
The person poured the milk into the left cup.
The person poured the ketchup into the cup on the right.
The person poured the juice into the cup on the right.
The person poured the ketchup into the cup on his right. 
The person moved the cup closer to him and poured the milk. 
The person moved the cup away from him and poured the juice. 
The person moved closer and poured the juice into the cup.
The person poured the milk into the cup on his right. 
The person moved the wine and poured the ketchup into the cup.
The person slowly poured the ketchup into the cup on his right. 
The person carefully poured the milk into the cup on his right. 
The person held the ketchup with both hands and poured it into the cup on his left.
The person held the juice with both hands and poured it into the cup on his left. 
The person is pretending to pour ketchup in a cup.
The person is pretending to pour almond milk into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour juice into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour juice into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour milk into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour ketchup into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour ketchup into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour milk into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour ketchup into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour juice into a cup.
The person poured the ketchup in the left cup.
The person poured the milk into the left cup.
The person poured the juice.
The person poured the juice into the left cup.
The person poured the milk.
The person picked up the ketchup and poured it.
The person poured the ketchup.
The person picked up the milk and poured it.
The person poured the ketchup into the right cup.
The person poured the juice next to the ketchup into the right cup.
The person poured the ketchup.
The person poured the milk.
The person poured the juice.
The person poured the juice into the cup.
The person poured the milk into the cup.
The person poured the ketchup into the cup.
The person poured the ketchup to the right of the
The person poured the milk to the right of the wine bottle into the cup.
The person poured the ketchup into the cup on the right.
The person poured the juice into the cup on the right.
The person is adding some milk to the cup.
The person is adding apple juice to the cup.
The person is adding juice to the cup.
The person is adding apple juice to the cup.
The person is adding juice to the cup.
The person is adding apple juice to the cup on the left.
The person is adding milk to the cup on the left.
The person is adding juice to the cup in the front.
The person is adding milk to the cup on the right.
The person is adding apple juice to the cup on the right
The person poured the milk into the cup.
The person added some ketchup to the cup.
The person poured the juice into the cup.
The person poured the ketchup into the cup near the juice. 
The person poured some juice into the cup near the ketchup.
The person poured ketchup into the cup on the left.
The person poured the milk into the cup on the left.
The person poured juice into the cup in front of the other cup.
The person poured milk into the cup on the right.
The person poured ketchup into the cup to the right of the other cup. 
The person lifts the carton and begins to pour.
The person lifts a bottle of ketchup and begins to pour.
The person lifts a bottle of juice and pours with their left hand.
The person lifts a bottle of ketchup and pours with their right hand.
The person lifts the bottle of juice and pours it with their left hand.
the person lifts a bottle of ketchup and pours it with their right hand into the right hand cup.
the person lifts a carton and pours it with their right hand into the right hand cup.
The person lifts the bottle of juice and pours it with their left hand.
The person lifts the carton with both hands and pours into the left hand cup.
The person lifts a bottle of ketchup with their left hand and pours into the left cup.
The person added some milk into the cup to the left of the cup.
The person added some juice into the cup to the left of the cup.
The person added some juice into the cup to the right of the cup.
The person added some juice into the cup to the left of the cup.
The person added some juice into the cup to the right of the cup.
The person added some juice into the cup to the left of the cup.
The person added some milk into the cup to the left of the cup.
The person added some juice into the cup to the right of the cup.
The person added some milk into the cup to the right of the cup.
The person added some juice into the cup to the right of the cup.
The person is pretending to pour milk into a cup. 
The person is pretending to pour ketchup into a cup.
The person is pretending to pour juice into a cup. 
The person is pretending to pour ketchup in a cup.
The person is pretending to pour juice into a cup. 
The person is pretending to pour ketchup into a cup. 
The person is pretending to pour mlik into the cup.
The person is pretending to pour juice into a cup. 
The person is pretending to pour milk into the cup.
The person is pretending to pour ketchup into the cup.
The person poured the juice into the cup.
The person put the cooler on the table
The person put the cooler on the floor
The person put the cooler on the table
The person put the box on the table.
The person put the box on the floor.
The person put the cooler on the floor
The person put the small cooler on top of the big cooler.
The person put the small cooler on the table.
The person put the small cooler on the big cooler
The person is pretending to pour juice into a cup.
The person put the cooler on the ping pong table.
The person took the cooler off the table.
The person put the small cooler on the table.
The person put the cardboard box on the table.
The person took the cardboard box off the table.
The person took the small cooler off the table. 
The person stacked the small cooler on the large cooler.
The person moved the small cooler to the table.
The person moved the small cooler on top of the large cooler.
The man pretended to pour the juice into the cup on the left.
The man lifted the cooler up on the table.
The man picked up the cooler from the table and placed it underneath. 
The man picked the small cooler up from below the table and placed it on top.
The man picked up the box and placed it on top of the table.
The man picked up the box and placed it underneath the table.
The man picked up the small cooler and placed it underneath the table.
The man carefully placed the small cooler on top of the large cooler.
The man removed the small cooler from on top of the bigger one.
The man placed the smaller cooler on to the top of the large cooler.
The person is pretending to pour the purple juice.
The man is lifting the red cooler.
The man is placing the red cooler on the floor.
The man is lifting the small cooler.
The man is placing the box on the table.
The man is placing the box on the floor.
The man is placing the small cooler on the floor.
The man is stacking the small cooler on the large cooler.
The man is removing the small cooler from the top of the large cooler.
The man is moving the small cooler.
The person poured the juice into the cup on the left.
The person placed the cooler on the table.
The person lowered the cooler down onto the ground.
The person lifted the cooler onto the table.
The person lifted the box onto the table and near the cooler.
The person lowered the box onto the ground and near the cooler.
The person took the cooler from the table and placed it in front of the box.
The person put the cooler on top of the other cooler.
The person took the cooler on top of the other cooler and placed it on the table.
The person lifted the cooler onto the other cooler.
This person lifted the cooler on top of the box.
This person carried the box to the right of the chair.
This person placed the box on top of the blue chair.
This person placed the box on top of the red chair.
This person lifted the box off of the red chair.
This person placed the box to the right of the red chair.
This person placed the box on the corner of the ping pong table.
This person placed the red cooler to the right of the box.
This person picked up the cooler that was sitting next to the box.
This person placed the red cooler on top of the box.
The person lifted the cooler and set it on the box.
The person carried the box.
The person set the box on the blue chair.
The person set the box on the red chair.
The person picked up the box off the red chair
The person set the box on the floor.
The person set the box on the table
The person set the cooler next to the box.
The person picked up the cooler.
The person set the cooler on the box.
The person placed the small ice-chest onto the box.
The person carried the box leftward.
The person placed the box onto the left chair.
The person placed the box onto the right chair.
The person moved the box from the chair to the table.
The person carried the box leftward and placed it on the ground.
The person carried the box leftward.
The person placed the small ice-chest next to the box on the table.
The person took the small ice-chest off of the table.
The person placed the small ice-chest on top of the box.
The person lifted the cooler on the left onto the box.
The person carried the box as he walked around the table.
The person carried the box to the chair on the left.
The person carried the box to the chair on the right.
The person picked the box up off the chair and walked backwards.
The person carried the box and placed it next to one of the chairs.
The person placed the box on the table above the chairs.
The person placed the cooler on the table next to the box.
The person lifted the cooler off the table and stepped back.
The person walked toward the box to place the cooler on top of it.
The person stacked the cooler on top of the box.
The person carried the box leftward.
The person put the box on top of the chair.
The person set the box on top of the chair.
The person took the box away from the chair.
The person put the box near the chair.
The person put the box on top of the table.
The person put the cooler next to the box.
The person lifted the cooler away from the box.
The person put the cooler on top of the box.
The person put the cooler on the floor.
The person put the cardboard box on top of the cooler on the floor.
The person put the cardboard box up on the table. 
The person put the larger cooler on top of the cardboard box on the table.
The person put the small cooler on the table next to the cardboard box and larger cooler.
The person carried the cooler rightwards.
The person put the cardboard box on the floor.
The person put the small cooler on top of the table. 
The person put the cardboard box next to the small cooler on the table. 
The person put the small cooler on top of the large cooler on the floor.
The person put the cooler below the table.
The person put the box down on the cooler.
The person lifted the box from on top of the cooler to the table.
The person lifted the cooler onto the box. 
The person lifted the cooler onto the table.
The person carried the cooler rightwards. 
The person set the box on the floor below the table.
The person lifted the cooler onto the table.
The person lifted the box onto the table.
The person lowered the small cooler on top of the large cooler.
The person put the cooler on the floor.
The person put the box on top of the small cooler.
The person put the box on the table.
The person put the large cooler on the box.
The person put the small cooler on the table.
The person took the small cooler.
The person put the box on the floor.
The person put the cooler on the table.
The person put the box on the table.
The person put the small cooler on the large cooler.
The person placed the ice-chest onto the ground.
The person placed the box on top of the ice-chest.
The person removed the box from on top of the ice-chest.
The person placed the large ice-chest on top of the box.
The person picked up the small ice-chest.
The person carried the ice-chest rightward.
The person took the box off of the table.
The person placed the ice-chest onto the table.
The person placed the box to the left of the ice-chest.
The person stacked the two ice-chests.
The person placed the cooler down on the ground.
The person lowered the box onto the cooler.
The person lifted the box onto the table.
The person lifted the cooler onto the box.
The person placed the cooler by the box.
The person walked rightward with the cooler.
The person placed the box down onto the ground.
The person lifted the cooler onto the table.
The person lifted the box onto the table, beside the cooler.
The person took the cooler from the table and placed it on top of the larger cooler.
The person picked a box off a red chair and put it on a blue chair.
The person picked up a box and walked across the room.
The boy picked up a small red cooler off a large red cooler and put it on a blue table.
The boy picked the small red cooler up and put it on a blue chair.
The man picked the box off the small red cooler and placed it on the large red cooler which was sitting on the floor.
The person picked up the small red cooler and put it on the red chair.
The person carried the small red cooler across the room and placed it on the floor.
The man picked up the watering can and placed it in the trunk of the car.
The man picked the watering can up out of the trunk and placed it on the driveway.
The man picked the blue bucket up off the ground and placed it in the trunk of the car.
The person moved the box to the chair below.
The person carried the box to the right.
The person put the cooler on the tennis table.
The person moved the small cooler to the chair.
The person moved the box to on top of the cooler
The person carried the cooler to the left.
The person carried the cooler to the right.
The person put the flower watering can in the trunk.
The person took the flower watering can out of the trunk.
The person put the bucket in the trunk.
The person put the box on the small chair. 
The person carried the box across the room.
The person put the small cooler on the table.
The person put the small cooler on the small chair.
The person moved the box from the cooler on the table to the cooler on floor.
The person carried the small cooler across the room.
The person is putting the small cooler down on the floor. 
The person put the watering can in the trunk. 
The person put the watering can down on the ground.
The person put the bucket in the trunk. 
The person put the box on the stool.
The person is carrying the box.
The person put the small cooler on the table.
The person put the small cooler on the stool.
The person put the box on the large cooler.
The person is carrying the small cooler.
The person is carrying the small cooler.
The person put the green watering can in the trunk.
The person took the green watering can out of the trunk.
The person put the blue pail in the trunk.
The person lowered the box onto the chair.
The person walked rightwards with the box.
The person lifted the small cooler and placed it on the table.
The person lowered the cooler onto the chair.
The person lowered the box onto the cooler.
The person walked rightwards with the cooler.
The person walked leftwards with the cooler.
The person lifted the watering-pot onto the box.
The person unloaded the watering-pot.
The person lifted the bucket onto the box.
The person took the bucket out of the trunk.
The person puts the bucket onto the box in the trunk.
The person puts the gas-can in the trunk.
the person places the gas-can next to the bucket.
The person removes the watering-pot from the trunk.
The person places the bucket onto the box.
The person removes the gas-can from the trunk.
The person places the bucket into the trunk.
The person places the gas-can next to the bucket.
The person places the gas-can onto the ground.
The person removed a blue pail from the trunk.
The person is putting a blue pail in the trunk.
The person is putting the pail on the ground.
The person put the red gasoline tank on the ground.
The person put the green watering can on the ground.
The person is putting a blue pail in the trunk.
The person is putting a red gasoline can on the ground.
The person is putting a blue pail in the trunk.
The person is putting a red gasoline can in the trunk.
The person is putting the red gasoline can on the ground.
the man set the bucket down.
the man put the bucket on top of the box
the man removed the bucket and put in the gas can
the man set the gas can on the ground
the man set the pourer to the right of the bucket
the man put the bucket in the trunk
the man set the gas can next to the bucket
the man put the bucket in the trunk
the man set the gas can next to the bucket
the man set the gas can on the ground in front of the trunk
The person put down the bucket.
The person picked up the bucket and placed on top of the box. 
The person put the bucket down and placed it down next to the saw. 
The person put down the gas can.
The person took the watering-can and placed it down next to the saw.
The person picked up the bucket and placed it on top of the box.
The person put down the gas can.
The person picked up the bucket and put it on top of the box. 
The person picked up the gas can and placed it next to the bucket that is on a box. 
The person put the gas can down on the ground. 
The person is removing the blue bucket from the car.
The person is placing the blue bucket in the car.
The person is picking up the red gasoline can.
The person is placing the red gasoline can on the ground.
The person is placing the green watering can on the ground.
The person is placing the blue bucket on the box.
The person is removing the red gasoline can from the car.
The person is picking up the blue bucket.
The person is placing the red gasoline can next to the blue bucket.
The person is removing the gasoline can from the car.
The person took the bucket out of the trunk and placed it on the ground.
The person placed the watering-pot onto the box in the trunk.
The person took the watering-pot off of the box and placed it onto the ground.
The person carried the watering-pot rightward.
The person carried the bucket leftward.
The person carried the bucket rightward towards the bag.
The person placed the watering-pot into the bucket in the trunk.
The person took the gas-can out of the trunk.
The person took the bucket out of the trunk and placed it next to the gas-can.
The person took the watering-pot out of the trunk and placed it next to the bucket.
The person unloaded the bucket from the trunk.
The person loaded the watering-pot on top of the box.
The person unloaded the watering-pot to the ground.
The person carried the watering-pot.
The person carried the bucket away from the other items.
The person carried the bucket towards the other items.
The person lifted the watering-pot and stacked it on top of the bucket.
The person unloaded the gas-can to the ground.
The person unloaded the bucket and placed it beside the gas-can.
The person lifted the watering-pot and placed it beside the bucket.
the person set the bucket to the right of the gas can
the man set the pourer in the trunk on the box
the person removed the pourer from the trunk and set it on the ground
the person carried the pourer from the left side of the car to the right
the man carried the bucket from the left side of the car to the right side.
the man carried the bucket from the right side of the car to the left
the person set the pourer on top of the bucket in the trunk
the person took the gas can out of the trunk and set it on the ground
the man set the bucket to the right of the gas can
the man set the pourer to the right of the bucket
The person placed the bucket next to the gas-can.
The person lifted the watering-pot onto the box.
The person placed the watering-pot down on the ground.
The person walked rightwards with the watering-pot.
The person walked leftwards with the bucket.
The person walked rightwards with the bucket.
The person placed the watering-pot in the bucket.
The person placed the gas-can down on the ground.
The person placed the bucket to the right of the gas-can.
The person placed the watering-pot to the right of the bucket.
The person is moving the blue bucket.
The person is moving the green watering can.
The person is placing the watering can on the ground.
The person is walking with the watering can in his hand.
The person is swinging the bucket.
The person is walking with the blue bucket in his hand.
The man is placing the green watering can in the trunk.
The man is placing the gasoline can on the ground.
The man is placing the bucket next to the gasoline can.
The man is setting the green watering can next to the blue bucket.
